
GitHub Action using dotnet 6, based on https://github.com/OctoGeeks/dotnet-action-template

Converts all `*.md` files in provided `path` to HTML, using Markdig extensions provided in `extensions` ('+' delimited).  See [here](https://github.com/xoofx/Markdig/blob/2b6dde941541be7c34ee3c6a0abe2d2d54548947/src/Markdig/MarkdownExtensions.cs#L538) for the strings to provide, and [here](https://github.com/xoofx/Markdig) for more about Markdig.

Usage info should resemble....

```
- name: Generate Markdown
  uses: McNerdius/Markdigger@main
  id: generate
  with:
    path: "/wwwroot/markdown"
    extensions: "pipetables+customcontainers"
```

But it's just a proof of concept for the moment, i'll link to actual usage soon.

`Demo` is my use-case.

The goal: Rendering Markdown in a Blazor WebAssembly Azure Static Web App.

The journey:

1. Store the markdown in Blob Storage and use the Functions API feature of Azure Static Web Apps to run Markdig server-side.

Fast conversion on the server, but more latency.  The Azure Functions cold starts can be loooong.

2. Store the markdown in `wwwroot` and use Markdig on the client.

Less latency, but Markdig.dll weighs in at ~400kb (before tree-shaking, anyway).  Slower conversion than if done on the server, as the .NET IL is interpreted.

3. Embed the markdown directly into the Blazor project's binaries.
  
Minimal latency.  If there is a lot of content the initial payload can be increased quite a bit, but embedding it all makes for fewer bytes transferred overall and it's a one and done deal.  Same 400kb dependency and slower-than-server conversion speeds.

4. Convert the markdown to HTML before it's embedded.

Minimal latency.  No more `markdig.dll` or client-side conversion.  

But i want the best of both worlds:  The `Demo` project uses method #2 when in `Debug` configuration so i can see my edits instantly, and uses this MarkDigger action to generate the HTML to embed for method #4 when in `Release` mode.

* `Program.cs`:
  Registers whichever `IMarkdownContentProvider` is relevant to for `Debug`/`Release` mode:
  * `LocalMarkdownProvider`:
    Loads files from `wwwroot` and converts them using Markdig.
  * `EmbeddedHtmlProvider`:
    Loads HTML embedded in `Demo.dll`
* `Demo.csproj`:
  * Debug mode: Adds `markdig` dependency
  * Release mode: Embeds HTML files previously generated by the MarkDigger action.
* `Markdown.razor`:
  * Uses a catch-all route - any route not matching a `@page` will be sent here and passed on to an `IMarkdownContentProvider` which will return HTML if a matching page is found, null if no match.
  
    `bool? found`:
    * null => loading
    * true => content found/loaded
    * false => not found

https://gentle-hill-08a6db610.azurestaticapps.net/

# not sure how i broke the "foo bar" two-level link thing, probably an Azure setting.  more work to be done !


